So far, in these lessons,
you've learned a ton about using
decision tree models to build high performing trading strategies.
You've gained insights about the algorithms themselves,
how they work on the inside and also the data themselves,
how to engineer features to be most useful and how to generate labels.
In this lesson, you learned about a particular problem with
correlated labels that comes up frequently in financial machine learning applications.
What if you've done everything we taught you,
your model works really well,
and you're trying to convince the portfolio manager to
use it as the basis of a major trading strategy?
You want to tell her all about it,
your use of data,
the design decisions you made,
and the model's predictions.
How do you explain to her why and how it works,
which of the features you created are the most predictive?
In other words, how can we interpret the model,
and also identify which features are most relevant in its decision-making?
This is what you'll get to learn about in the next lesson.